README.md, before:

# SLSC Switch Message Library

This library is a concrete NI-SLSC Switch instantiation of the Switch consumer defined by the [Custom Device Message Library](https://github.com/ni/niveristand-custom-device-message-library).

## LabVIEW Version
LabVIEW 2017

## Dependencies
- The packed library build from [NI VeriStand Custom Device Message Library](https://github.com/ni/niveristand-custom-device-message-library).
- NI-SLSC Switch 19.1+ (included with NI-SLSC 19.5+)
- The [NI VeriStand Custom Device Testing Tools](https://github.com/ni/niveristand-custom-device-testing-tools) to run automated tests.

## Git History & Rebasing Policy
Branch rebasing and other history modifications will be listed here, with several notable exceptions:
- Branches prefixed with `dev/` may be rebased, overwritten, or deleted at any time.
- Pull requests may be squashed on merge.

## License

The SLSC Switch Message Library is licensed under an MIT-style license (see LICENSE). Other incorporated projects may be licensed under different licenses. All licenses allow for non-commercial and commercial use.

Commit message:

Rename niveristand-slsc-switch-message-library (#18)
Rename this repository to niveristand-routing-and-faulting-message-library.

README.md, after:

# Routing and Faulting Message Library

This library provides concrete implementations of the Switch consumer defined by the [Custom Device Message Library](https://github.com/ni/niveristand-custom-device-message-library).

The following implementations are provided:

- NI-SLSC Switch
- NI-SWITCH

## LabVIEW Version
LabVIEW 2017

## Dependencies
- The packed library build from [NI VeriStand Custom Device Message Library](https://github.com/ni/niveristand-custom-device-message-library).
- NI-SLSC Switch 19.1+ (included with NI-SLSC 19.5+)
- NI-SWITCH
- The [NI VeriStand Custom Device Testing Tools](https://github.com/ni/niveristand-custom-device-testing-tools) to run automated tests.

## Git History & Rebasing Policy
Branch rebasing and other history modifications will be listed here, with several notable exceptions:
- Branches prefixed with `dev/` may be rebased, overwritten, or deleted at any time.
- Pull requests may be squashed on merge.

## License

The SLSC Switch Message Library is licensed under an MIT-style license (see LICENSE). Other incorporated projects may be licensed under different licenses. All licenses allow for non-commercial and commercial use.
